docs: add key terms to use case intros/tutorial and what is dvc? docs [SEO] (#1806)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/use-cases/index.md

# Use Cases

> We provide short articles on common ML workflow and data science use cases that

Reviewer: Is this a copy edit? I do agree about "and" but why did we change "scenarios"? If there's no SEO reason let's revert that please:

```suggestion
We provide short articles on common ML workflow and data science scenarios that
```

Author: Yes there is an SEO motivation here: the search term is "data science use cases".

Reviewer: I see! Going fwd if you can make some notes in the PR file changes on terms each change is for, or a list of terms in the PR description at least, that would be helpful for reviews 😃

Author: 👍 Definitely. That makes a lot of sense and I'll do that.

Reviewer: Does it matter that probably users looking for "data science use cases" are not looking for DVC use cases? I don't want to assume what 1000s of people want, but it sounds like a basic data science question rather than anything to do with structuring DS projects (e.g. using DVC).

So maybe changes like this will bring more traffic but also up the bounce rate. We'll have to try and see, I guess!

Author: > Does it matter that probably users looking for "data science use cases" are not looking for DVC use cases?
It's true that the term is not a perfect match, but it is related to the primary subject area (data science). Most non-brand terms are going to be partially related but inexact, as searches for discovery are imprecise (because they don't know what DVC is yet). 

The search engine is trying to fill in the gaps, so we want to expand on terms that are showing interest within the correct subject area in order to meet them halfway. This article already has some impressions for "use cases", including ML and data science so that's the motivation for this change.

Reviewer: OK, cool!

DVC can help with or improve. Our use cases are not written to be run end-to-end

> like tutorials. For more general, hands-on experience with DVC, please see our

Reviewer: ```suggestion
like tutorials. For more general, hands-on experience with DVC, please see
```

[Get Started](/doc/tutorials/get-started) instead.

## Why DVC?

Even with all the success we've seen today in machine learning (ML), especially
with deep learning and its applications in business, data scientists still lack
good tools for organizing their projects and collaborating effectively. This is

> a critical challenge: while ML algorithms and methods are no longer tribal

Reviewer: Same Q. Is this SEO related? I'm trying to make sure the PR is well scoped. Looks like copy edits to me, and TBH I'm not very convinced:

- the data science community -> data scientists ?
- practices -> tools ?

Author: Yes, also SEO related: trying to associate "data science/scientists" with the terms "tools" and "project organization". I adjusted the original sentence to be more direct by referring to data scientists (specific role instead of general community) and tools (DVC as a tool as opposed to general practice.)

Reviewer: I see. Agree about the first change then ("data science community" doesn't seem like a query that gives us any traffic rn anyway) but still not sure about removing "good practices". Well (after checking in the SC), in fact we should change it to "best practices", but that term has potential of it's own I think.

Also speaking of tools here changes the semantics quite a bit, as we're trying to explain part of the motivation for DVC, and that has to do with DS best practices.

So can we change or add text somewhere else to associate "data scientists" and "tools"?

Author: Nice! This is even better. You are right about "best practices" — it's definitely another term we should be targeting. Added "tools" in the final bullet. That's a lightweight change and I think it's a better usage, keeping with how DVC is described elsewhere in the docs. Do you agree?

Reviewer: Agreed 🤝

knowledge, they are still difficult to implement, reuse, and manage.

## Basic uses of DVC

If you store and process data files or datasets to produce other data or machine
learning models, and you want to

- capture and save <abbr>data artifacts</abbr> the same way you capture code;
- track, control, and switch between different versions of data or models
  easily;
- understand how machine learning models were built in the first place;

> - compare ML models and metrics to each other;

Reviewer: - OK with introducing "control" if we need it near "version", but if you want you can also add "version control" somewhere else in the doc or even in a new sentence if needed (not sure where).
- "machine learning models" 👍 (why not ML though? Up to you) but why was "data or" removed? The data part is also important, probably more that the models part 🙂

Author: > * OK with introducing "control" if we need it near "version", but if you want you could just add "version control" somewhere else in the doc instead, or even in a new sentence if needed (not sure where).
OK to have within proximity. 
> * "machine learning models" 👍 (why not ML though? Up to you) but why was "data or" removed? The data part is also important, probably more that the models part 🙂
The next bullet has ML, and we should have both. I thought the "data or" might be a typo because "...how data or models were built in the first place" implies "how data was built". Is that what we're trying to say or should it be "datasets or models"?

Reviewer: It's not a typo. We have "data and (ML) models" repeatedly throughout docs. Not sure what's wrong about "data was built". "Datasets" may be more correct in some ways but we want to have the term "data" a lot. Anyway, not something within the scope of this PR to decide on, let's just revert that part please.

Author: OK, understood. Updated to revert and adjust ML/machine learning placements. PTAL

Reviewer: Thanks.

Reviewer: BTW don't get me wrong, no problem in suggesting any changes you feel are necessary (just try to respect the scope more or less). I/we can always just ask to revert but that's normal 🙂
